I had some really great time in Flock this year. This was the first Fedora as
well as Flock i was attending and it really lived up to my expectation. I
reached Prague on 5th August (Day 0) in around afternoon. After a quick nap, I
went out to the lobby and met threebean and toshio. Later, in the evening
rtnpro and i roamed around the place, Dejvická.

Day 1 started with the opening note by Fedora Project Leader, Matthew Miller.
The keynote was given by Gijs Hillenius, he explained on how Free and Open
Source Software was accepted in the European Union. He spoke about the steps
and the contributions of the people in this regard. Later that day i attended
talk by Pravin Satpute who gave a talk on the fonts in Fedora. Next I attended
the talk by Matthias Clasen on "Where's Wayland" followed by the talk on
"Wayland Input Status" by Hans de Goede. Hans gave a nice introduction of
supporting the various input in different devices on Wayland. The things to
support the devices is way too complex but the team behind has been doing a
great job. Then Anish and Mike gave a talk on prediction based on input and context.
Next I gave a talk on Open Communication and Collaboration Tools for humans.
rtnpro and i spoke on the roadmap of Waartaa and what we achieved till date.

After the event, we all went over to "The Pub" and had mugs of beer.

Day2 started with pingou and sochotnicky giving a talk on the Fedora Review
Server. adimania later gave an awesome talk on Ansible. He talked on how fedora
infra moved to ansible. He also shared the contribution oppurtunities.

The keynote by Sean Cross talking about the Novena project. He explained on how
he built the laptop from scratch, future goals, how he popped with idea etc.

Later that day, I attended the talk by Gergely Rakosi on "Rise of the Fedora
Desktop: Gaming". I discussed with him the issues i faced with setting up Steam
on Fedora. He helped me resolving those issue and then we spent some time
playing those games.

The evening we spent crusing on the river Vltava.

Day 3, I spent the first half hacking on Waartaa. Sad, i missed the talked by
Debarshi Ray on "GNOME: A Content Application Update".

During the second half, I roamed around the open spaces talking to people. Then attended the workshop
on fedmsg threebean. threebean showed us on how to hack around with fedmsg. I
spent the time in the workshop going through the docs.

During the first half of Day 4, I spent some time hacking on Waartaa. After
lunch, I sat down with threebean to hack on fedmsg. Luckily got two merges in
the final hour of Flock

Really had fun meeting the Fedora contributors. Kudos to the organizing team of
Flock 2014.
